How did it go?
Sister, you look handsome in your clothes, right?
general
OK
No taste
Gone
Be careful, um, let's go
Move
How much is here to move?
all
Stop
You want to leave the Su family
I won't keep you
But the stitch and thread of the Su family
You can't take it away
My mom left me these things.
Their last name is not Su
The Empire Star must be inside
Never let her take it away
What are you doing?
These are all mine.
You are not allowed to take any of these things with you
OK
Consider these things my gifts to you.
Even if I have nothing
I am still beautiful
Marry Li Zeyan
Stop
What more do you want?
body search
roll
I'll do it myself
I don't allow you to have physical contact with any man
Stay away from him
He is dangerous
Are you jealous?